My story begins in nineteen-dickety-two. We had to say dickety because the Kaiser had stolen our word twenty. I chased that rascal to get it back, but gave up after dickety-six miles. Then after World War Two, it got kinda quiet, 'til Superman challenged FDR to a race around the world. FDR beat him by a furlong or so the comic books would have you believe. The truth lies somewhere in between. Three wars back we called Sauerkraut "liberty cabbage" and we called liberty cabbage "super slaw" and back then a suitcase was known as a "Swedish lunchbox."

We can't bust heads like we used to, but we have our ways. One trick is to tell 'em stories that don't go anywhere - like the time I caught the ferry over to Shelbyville. I needed a new heel for my shoe, so, I decided to go to Morganville, which is what they called Shelbyville in those days. So I tied an onion to my belt, which was the style at the time. Now, to take the ferry cost a nickel, and in those days, nickels had pictures of bumblebees on 'em. Give me five bees for a quarter, you'd say. Ah, there's an interesting story behind that nickel.

In 1957, I remember it was, I got up in the morning and made myself a piece of toast. I set the toaster to three: medium brown. Now where were we? Oh yeah: the important thing was I had an onion on my belt, which was the style at the time. They didn't have white onions because of the war. The only thing you could get was those big yellow ones...

I Used To Be With It, But Then They Changed What It Was. Now, what I'm with isn't it and what's "it" seems weird and scary to me. It'll happen to you.

My Homer is not a communist. He may be a liar, a pig, an idiot, a communist, but he is NOT a porn star!

The metric system is the tool of the devil! My car gets 40 rods to the hogshead and that's the way I likes it!

In 1957 I saw him turn turn the Secretary of Agriculture into the Secretary of the Interior. It was hell on their wives, but it sure brought down corn prices. Built a house out of corn. It was the worst home I ever owed? when it got really hot it smelled like Frito's.

You see, back in those days, rich men would ride around in zeppelins, dropping coins on people. And one day, I seen J. D. Rockefeller flyin' by, so I run out of the house with a big washtub, and... Anyway, about my washtub. I just used it that morning to wash my turkey which in those days was known as a "walking bird". We'd always have walking bird on Thanksgiving, with all the trimmings. Cranberries, "injun eyes", and yams stuffed with gunpowder. Then we'd all watch football, which in those days was called "baseball".

Not many people know I owned the first radio in Springfield. Weren't much on the air then, just Edison reciting the alphabet over and over. "A", he'd say, then "B". "C" would usually follow...



